# hack_nitr_project


Objective : We want everyone to get quality education for social good. We want to bring all the stake holders of education system together. We want to make  education and learning fun and lively which will enhance the learning capability and will help spread education among all sections and ages of people very easily. Bringing in new technologies in education, will enrich our education system and will help our youth and students to development themselves in an overall manner. 

Implementation & Application : We will use Augmented Reality in simple notebook based education through our AR App. Like seeing planets and solar system right in front of the student will increase their zeal and interest towards studying. This will attract their minds and educate them simultaneously. Seeing a heart or a brain right in front of them will help them understand concepts better. Having AR Notes and videos related to the chapter all in one notebook will reduce burden of carrying numerous notebooks and always saving several videos and lectures in the device. The popping up figures, notes, videos will help in easier learning, cost effective learning among  the children and students and educate them very well. This will also help reduce stress among students when learning becomes fun.

Through our website, we give a common platform to the students, Parents, teachers, NGOs where they educate children, Institutions, Education Corporates/Consultants, Education department of Government and Students Counsellors.  We connect all the stakeholders of Education system. The students will get a platform/App for studying using AR, understanding concepts to its core. We have the Open CV based real time object recognition and hence children in labs can easily focus on equipment or chemicals and do experiments, this will also prevent any accidents in labs.   Parents can explore the possible opportunities for their children, Teachers can connect with students and guide them online, as well as connect with Institutions and Corporates. All the education schemes by the Government will be updates in our website and hence all students, parents, teachers are aware and connect to these govt schemes, scholarships.  Counsellors are there to help the students. Institutions, their admission, scholarship everything will be there for the students in one platform. The students also get connected with corporates and helps them in placements, understanding industry demands. The students can connect with NGOs and provide education to the underprivileged children. 

Final products: 1. AR App and notebook 2.Web based app

Future scope: We will develop this mobile app further. We will implement drone based AR education and send drones to the places where refugee children, underprivileged children will get education using AR drones which will at one time, teach and entertain a lot of people together in an area using AR. This type of education can also be given as industrial trainings.
